flow: Add remaining stages to loki.process (#2821)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/loki.process.md

`gauge`, or a `histogram` metric.

#### counter block
`counter` defines a metric whose value only goes up.

The following arguments are supported:

Name            | Type       | Description | Default | Required
--------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ------- | --------
`name`          | `string`   | The metric name. | | yes
`action`        | `string`   | The action to take. Valid actions are `set`, `inc`, `dec`,` add`, or `sub`. | | yes
`description`   | `string`   | The metric's description and help text. | `""` | no
`source`        | `string`   | Key from the extracted data map to use for the metric. Defaults to the metric name. | `""` | no
`prefix`        | `string`   | The prefix to the metric name. | `"loki_process_custom_"` | no
`idle_duration` | `duration` | Maximum amount of time to wait until the metric is marked as 'stale' and removed. | `"5m"` | no
`value`         | `string`   | If set, the metric only changes if `source` exactly matches the `value`. | `""` | no
`match_all`     | `bool`     | If set to true, all log lines are counted, without attemptng to match the `source` to the extracted map. | `false` | no

> `count_entry_bytes`     | `bool`     | If set to true, all log lines bytes. | `false` | no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`count_entry_bytes`     | `bool`     | If set to true, counts all log lines bytes. | `false` | no
```

to a positive float and is set, added or subtracted to the metric's value.

#### histogram block
Defines a histogram metric whose values are recorded in predefined buckets.

The following arguments are supported:

Name            | Type          | Description | Default | Required
--------------- | ------------- | ----------- | ------- | --------
`name`          | `string`      | The metric name. | | yes
`buckets`       | `list(float)` | The action to take. Valid actions are `set`, `inc`, `dec`,` add`, or `sub`. | | yes
`description`   | `string`      | The metric's description and help text. | `""` | no
`source`        | `string`      | Key from the extracted data map to use for the metric. Defaults to the metric name. | `""` | no
`prefix`        | `string`      | The prefix to the metric name. | `"loki_process_custom_"` | no
`idle_duration` | `duration`    | Maximum amount of time to wait until the metric is marked as 'stale' and removed. | `"5m"` | no
`value`         | `string`      | If set, the metric only changes if `source` exactly matches the `value`. | `""` | no

#### metrics behavior

If `value` is not present, all incoming log entries match.

> Label values on created metrics can be dynamic, which can cause exported
> metrics to explode in cardinality, or go stale, for example when a stream stops
> receiving new logs. To prevent unbounded growth of the /metrics endpoint, any
> metrics which have not been updated within `idle_duration` are removed. The
> `idle_duration` must be greater or equal to `"1s"`, and it defaults to `"5m"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Label values on created metrics can be dynamic, which can cause exported
metrics to explode in cardinality or go stale, for example, when a stream stops
receiving new logs. To prevent unbounded growth of the `/metrics` endpoint, any
metrics which have not been updated within `idle_duration` are removed. The
`idle_duration` must be greater or equal to `"1s"`, and it defaults to `"5m"`.
```

The metric values extracted from the log data are internally converted to
floats. The supported values are the following:

> * integers, floating point numbers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* integer
* floating point number
```

> * string - two types of string formats are supported:
>     * strings that represent floating point numbers: e.g., "0.804" is converted to 0.804.
>     * duration format strings. Valid time units are “ns”, “us”, “ms”, “s”, “m”, “h”. Values in this format are converted as a floating point number of seconds. E.g., "0.5ms" is converted to 0.0005.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* string - Two types of string format are supported:
    * Strings that represent floating point numbers, for example, "0.804" is converted to 0.804.
    * Duration format strings. Valid time units are “ns”, “us”, “ms”, “s”, “m”, “h”. A value in this format is converted to a floating point number of seconds, for example, "0.5ms" is converted to 0.0005.
```

* boolean:
    * true is converted to 1
    * false is converted to 0

> The following pipeline creates a counter which increments every time any log line is received by using the `match_all` parameter, plus a second counter which adds the byte size of these log lines by using the `count_entry_bytes` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following pipeline creates a counter which increments every time any log line is received by using the `match_all` parameter. The pipeline creates a second counter which adds the byte size of these log lines by using the `count_entry_bytes` parameter.
```

> These two metrics disappear after 24 hours, if no new entries are received, to avoid building up metrics which no longer serve any use. These two metrics are a good starting point to track the volume of log streams in both the number of entries and their byte size, to identify sources of high-volume or high-cardinality data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These two metrics disappear after 24 hours if no new entries are received, to avoid building up metrics which no longer serve any use. These two metrics are a good starting point to track the volume of log streams in both the number of entries and their byte size, to identify sources of high-volume or high-cardinality data.
```

The second stage, defines a counter which increments the `successful_orders_total` and `failed_orders_total` based on the previously extracted values.

```river
stage {
	regex {
		expression = "^.* order_status=(?P<order_status>.*?) .*$"
	}
}
stage {
	metrics {
		metric {
			counter {
				name        = "successful_orders_total"	
				description = "successful orders"
				source      = "order_status"
				value       = "success"
				action      = "inc"
			}
		}
	}
}
stage {
	metrics {
		metric {
			counter {
				name        = "failed_orders_total"	
				description = "failed orders"
				source      = "order_status"
				value       = "fail"
				action      = "inc"
			}
		}
	}
}
```

In this example, the first stage extracts text in the format of `retries=<value>`, from the log line. The second stage creates a Gauge whose current metric value is increased by the number extracted from the retries field.

```river
stage {
	regex {
		expression = "^.* retries=(?P<retries>\\d+) .*$"
	}
}
stage {
	metrics {
		metric {
			gauge {
				name        = "retries_total"
				description = "total_retries"
				source      = "retries"
				action      = "add"
			}
		}
	}
}
```

> The following example a histogram that reads response_time from the extracted
> map and places it into a bucket, both increasing the count of the bucket and
> the sum for that particular bucket:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows a histogram that reads `response_time` from the extracted
map and places it into a bucket, both increasing the count of the bucket and
the sum for that particular bucket:
```

}
```

> ### pack block

Reviewer 2: Sorting alphabetically makes sense to me 👍

[package](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template) syntax. This stage is primarily
useful for manipulating and standardizing data from previous stages before
setting them as labels in a subsequent stage. Example use cases are replacing
spaces with underscores, converting uppercase strings to lowercase, or hashing
a value.

The template stage can also create new keys in the extracted map.

The following arguments are supported:

Name       | Type      | Description                 | Default   | Required
---------- | --------- | --------------------------- | --------- | --------
`source`   | `string`  | Name from extracted data to parse. If the key doesn't exist, a new entry is created.  |   | yes
`template` | `string`  | Go template string to use.  |   | yes

The template string can be any valid template that can be used by Go's `text/template`. Furthermore, it supports all functions from the [sprig package](http://masterminds.github.io/sprig/) as well as the following list of custom functions.
```
ToLower, ToUpper, Replace, Trim, TrimLeftTrimRight, TrimPrefix, TrimSuffix, TrimSpace, Hash, Sha2Hash, regexReplaceAll, regexReplaceAllLiteral

> ```

Author: The list is a section a few lines below, I added a note and an anchor link to it.

`max_distinct_labels` | `int` | How many unique values to keep track of when rate-limiting `by_label_name`. | `10000` | no

The rate limiting is implemented as a 'token bucket' of size `burst`, initially
full and refilled at `rate` tokens per second. Every time a log entry comes
through, it consumes one token. When `drop` is set to true, incoming entries
that exceed the rate-limit is dropped, otherwise they are queued until
more tokens are available.

```
stage {
	limit {
		rate  = 5
		burst = 10
	}
}
```

If `by_label_name` is set, then `drop` must be set to `true`. This enables the
stage to rate-limit not by the number of lines but by the number of labels.

The following example rate-limits entries from each unique `namespace` value
independently. Any entries without the `namespace` label is not rate-limited.
The stage keeps track of up to `max_distinct_labels` unique
values, defaulting at 10000.
```
stage {
	limit {
		rate  = 10
		burst = 10
		drop  = true
		
		by_label_name = "namespace"
	}
}
```

### metrics block

The `metrics` inner block configures stage that allows for defining and

> updating metrics based on values from the shared extracted map. The created

Author: Sorry, just my mistake. I meant to say "that allows to define and update metrics..."

```
stage {
	regex {
		expression = "^.* order_status=(?P<order_status>.*?) .*$"
	}
}
stage {
	metrics {
		metric {
			counter {
				name        = "successful_orders_total"	
				description = "successful orders"
				source      = "order_status"
				value       = "success"
				action      = "inc"
			}
		}
	}
}
stage {
	metrics {
		metric {
			counter {
				name        = "failed_orders_total"	
				description = "failed orders"
				source      = "order_status"
				value       = "fail"
				action      = "inc"
			}
		}
	}
}
```

In this example, the first stage extracts text in the format of `retries=<value>`, from the log line. The second stage creates a Gauge whose current metric value is increased by the number extracted from the retries field.

```
stage {
	regex {
		expression = "^.* retries=(?P<retries>\\d+) .*$"
	}
}
stage {
	metrics {
		metric {
			gauge {
				name        = "retries_total"
				description = "total_retries"
				source      = "retries"
				action      = "add"
			}
		}
	}
}
```

The following example a histogram that reads response_time from the extracted
map and places it into a bucket, both increasing the count of the bucket and

> the sum for that particular bucket

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the sum for that particular bucket:
```
